never throw rocks at a man with a
machine gun roddy roddy piper this is
Mark Belkin super training dot TV super
training gym the strongest gym in the
West I just got done with some
strong deadlifts AKA kk deadlifts done
with my boy mr. robot pants and silent
mike not sure how much footage we got of
it Jim McGee shot some stuff off his
phone today we were short a little bit
in the gym today with how many people we
had so we did the best we could to get
you guys some footage after the kk polls
we worked up a little bit i hit 685 for
a single and then 705 for a single those
are both PRS with a regular barbell I
tend to lift a lot better with a
deadlift bar so I've been in training
and making my training harder than the
contest itself been working on my grip
by using a regular barbeau rather than
the deadlift bar also you're going to
notice in the video most of the sets
were done with the straps up and just
trying to refine and put everything
together for the meat that I'm about to
do March 24th at super training gym with
mr. robot pants Eric's photo will be
there benching and standard model
efforting along with Brandon Lily so
enjoy the video and strength is never
weakness and that is it from super
training dot team
Marty
mr.